[Back to main](../README.md) | [Back to 2019 course outline ](README.md)

<br/>

## Course AZ-400T07-A: Designing a DevOps Strategy

### About this course
This course provides the knowledge and skills to design a DevOps strategy.  
Students will learn how to plan for transformation, select a project, and create team structures. Students will also learn how to develop quality and security strategies.  
Planning for migrating and consolidating artifacts and source control will also be covered.
<br/> 

### Audience profile
Students in this course are interested in planning DevOps projects or in passing the Microsoft Azure DevOps Solutions certification exam.

### After completing this course, students will be able to:
* Plan for the transformation with shared goals and timelines.
* Select a project and identify project metrics and KPIs.
* Create a team and agile organizational structure.
* Develop a project quality strategy.
* Plan for secure development practices and compliance rules.
* Migrate and consolidate artifacts.
* Migrate and integrate source control measures.
 
<br/> 
 
### Prerequisites
* Fundamental knowledge about Azure, version control, Agile software development, and core software development principles. It would be helpful to have experience in an organization that delivers software.
* Also, it is recommended that you have experience working in an IDE, as well as some knowledge of the Azure portal. However, students who may not have a technical background in these technologies, but who are curious about DevOps practices as a culture shift, should be able to follow the procedural and expository explanations of continuous integration regardless.

<br/> 


### Course details

Warning: Microsoft Learning is always updating course content. There may be some differences or updates.

#### Modules details:

 Module | Details |
| --- | --- |
| Module 1: Planning for DevOps | In this module, students will learn about transformation planning, project selection, and team structures. |
| Module 2: Planning for Quality and Security | In this module, students will learn about developing a quality strategy and planning for secure development. |
| Module 3: Migrating and Consolidating Artifacts and Tools | In this module, students will learn about migrating and consolidating artifacts, and migrating and integrating source control measures. |


<br/> 

#### Course outline:


<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <th align="center">Module</th>
            <th align="center">Lessons</th>
            <th align="center">After completing this module, students will be able to</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Module 1: Planning for DevOps</td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Transformation Planning</li>
                    <li>Project Selection</li>
                    <li>Team Structures</li>
                    <li>Lab : Agile Planning and Portfolio Management with Azure Boards</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Plan for the transformation with shared goals and timelines</li>
                    <li>Select a project and identify project metrics and KPIs</li>
                    <li>Create a team and agile organizational structure</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Module 2: Planning for Quality and Security</td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Planning a Quality Strategy</li>
                    <li>Planning Secure Development</li>
                    <li>Lab: Feature Flag Management with LaunchDarkly and AzureDevOps</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Develop a project quality strategy</li>
                    <li>Plan for secure development practices and compliance rules</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Module 3: Migrating and Consolidating Artifacts and Tools</td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Migrating and Consolidating Artifacts</li>
                    <li>Migrating and Integrating Source Control</li>
                    <li>Lab: Integrating Azure Repos and Azure Pipelines with Eclipse </li>
                </ul>
            </td>
            <td>
                <ul>
                    <li>Migrate and consolidate artifacts</li>
                    <li>Migrate and integrate source control measures</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<br/>

[Back to main](../README.md) | [Back to 2019 course outline ](README.md)

<br/>